When I think back to that day,
small details stick in my mind.
Things I said.
The looks on people's faces.
They wanted to wipe us
from the face of the Earth...
but we kept asking ourselves,
"Why?"
After all the centuries of
mindless cruelty
maybe we shouldn't
have been surprised
Are we really so different?
There's evil inside of us all.
Yes Sophia, it's me again.
You don't answer your phone.
Your friend says you don't go
to the meetings any more.
I'm worried about you.
I'm at the observatory tonight.
Please call me back.
Every song in the World
at your fingertips.
I can never decide what to play.
J'arrive jamais à choisir.
Choice paralysis.
I have it when I go
to the hypermarket.
There is a hundred
different options.
I just want toothpaste.
Have you seen this?
What's the source?
Ross 128.
Can you check the frequency?
153.26 Gigahertz.
So high? That can't be right.
- That's what it says.
- Can you sonify the signal?
Could be a satellite.
I check with the ESA.
No registered satellite
in that band pass.
Is there a pulsar there?
No, there is no pulsar
at those coordinates.
And the frequency is too high.
What's that?
The signal that Arecibo
picked up last year.
You know,
the one from Ross 128 B.
- It's the same.
- Yeah, but it's a lot stronger.
So what are we saying?
What is it?
There's no naturally
occurring phenomenon
that can produce
a signal like this.
Not in that frequency.
- Where would you put it on the Rio scale?
- I don't know.
Six, maybe seven.
Put out an ATEL.
We need someone
else to verify it.
Contact ALMA.
Ask them to take a look at it.
- Hanes!
- Sorry.
And?
ALMA Confirms the signal.
They're getting the same
readings. Flipping out.
Phase it up again.
Are you really sure
it cannot be a pulsar?
I've already checked.
This is real.
What if we're wrong,
and we'll look ridiculous.
We're not wrong, Catherine.
Make the call.
Hi, This is Catherine Durand
from the Institute the Radio
Astronomy Millimétrique.
I believe we have
detected evidence...
of extraterrestrial life.
WEST LONDON
No way,
that is not your breakfast.
I'm late.
- College doesn't start 'till nine.
- I'm meeting some friends.
Okay, take a banana.
Eating a banana's your
answer to everything.
- Looks sore.
- You hate it, don't you?
- It's your arm.
- Are you going to tell Dad?
Maybe we'll wait till he gets home.
Go meet your friends.
- Why aren't you dressed for school?
- I said I'd call Dad.
CONVENTION CENTER NORTH FRANCE
Hey buddy, how are you doing?
Is Mum okay? Yeah?
Yeah, no no,
I can't talk to her now.
Because I'm just checking in,
but tell her I'll call her later, okay?
Alright, okay, yeah,
cheers buddy, okay.
Say hello to Em for me. Bye.
Hey. How are you doing?
- Good.
Madeline Clairmont.
Increasing the amplitude of the
stimulation current
results in the hyper-activation
of the primary somatosensory
and pre-motor cortex.
This is direct evidence that an
induced current contributes most
to corticospinal pathway excitation.
So, actually...
Raising the
stimulation amplitude
would increase the
amounts of neurons firing
and result in a larger response,
as we've just witnessed.
Excuse me, am I boring you?
Maybe we should fire a
few neurons into your brain
just to get the juices flowing.
We can make sense of this
targeting of diverse neuronal
structures by two half segments.
The signal was detectable for
exactly 23 hours and 56 minutes.
One sidereal day. One complete
rotation of the Earth.
- Is there any significance in that?
- We don't know.
You are part of the METI initiative.
You've been sending
messages into space?
We send music.
The idea is that music would
act as a universal language,
but if they don't have ears
they won't be able to hear it,
So, we encoded the entire
message in a binary system
of two alternating frequencies
pulsing 125 times per second.
Could this be a response?
If it is, it's in a language
that we don't understand.
The electromagnetic
waves were...
transmitted across a vast
distance with virtually no attenuation.
What does that mean?
It means that the power
source that generated the signal
is greater than we
can even conceive.
Does this mean
that they're a threat?
There's no evidence
to suggest that.
But surely it would be accrual
wrong to assume they aren't a threat.
Doctor Durand, what do we know?
Two years ago we discovered
an exoplanet orbiting Ross 128.
The planet is in a habitable zone,
and it may be able to support life.
But that's all we know.
Why are we detecting
this signal now?
We can't say for sure.
Perhaps they were looking for us.
Thank you. Perhaps you
can leave us for a minute.
Doctor.
I'm Colonel Mokrani.
I am your point of contact.
Pleased to meet you.
How did I do?
I think you frightened them.
On Wednesday at approximately
2300 hours Universal Time
Doctor Catherine Durand
of the Institute de Radio
Astronomy Millimétrique...
detected a powerful signal
originating from an area
close to the star Ross 128.
All the evidence
suggests that this signal
is indicative of intelligent
extraterrestrial life.
I hope this discovery
is something that will
unite the human race.
Perhaps we will
see now that we're
far more alike than
we are different.
Hey, what is it?
AYDEN. TONIGHT.
10PM.
Do you ever go skiing?
- Do I ever go skiing?
- Yes,
Because you work in the mountains,
I'll mean.
I used to, but that was ages ago.
- Is everything alright?
- Yes,
Terrible, all this.
My men have secured things.
You can be rest assured
if there's any trouble.
I will do.
- Catherine, how did it go in Brussels?
- It was okay.
Can you believe this?
- Hi, Dad.
- Oh, hi.
Are you heading off again?
I'm going to be sleeping at the
office while this thing play out.
So, what aren't they telling
us? Should we be concerned?
Well there's nothing to
tell, they detected a signal.
Well, when the government
tell you not to panic,
that's when you gotta buy
a rifle and head for the hills.
You'd shoot yourself in the foot.
You'll be lying there hoping the evil
government comes and rescues you.
You want me to open that?
Oh, I can open a bottle of wine.
- Have you spoken to your Mum?
- She's fine.
Are you in tomorrow night?
Jack said he'd drop by
with the rest of my stuff.
What am I supposed to say to him?
Well, try nice polite conversation.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
You don't want me to stick one on him
because he dumped you, do you?
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
- I'll call you.
- Okay.
You should come out
for the product launch.
Vegas is crazy.
Yeah, it's difficult,
you know, for me to be
away from home for too long.
Oh, I thought you said your daughter
is coping much better now.
Yes, she is. She is, but.
Then come to Vegas.
It will be fun.
Should I get another bottle?
No, you know what, it's late.
But you could invite
me back to your room
Or perhaps it's a bad idea.
Yes sir?
- The bill please.
- Right away.
Come on, Sophia.
Pick up the telephone.
No, don't take me.
Catherine.
Something's happening.
What is it?
Multiple objects are
approaching the Earth.
- What kind of objects?
- No idea.
They are approaching at
more than 1000 kilometres per second.
Impossible.
- What?
- I can't.
They are slowing down.
Because they entered our atmosphere.
Could it...
be an attack?
- What's going on?
- No idea. What is that?
What is that?
Is that a meteor?
Impact in eighty seconds.
- Shouldn't we do something?
- Do what?
What the fuck is that?
Emily, Emily what are you doing?
- Can't you feel it?
- Get inside.
Ten seconds left.
Six, five, four, three, two...
Several places have been hit...
but only in certain areas,
it seems.
I want an update every ten minutes
about the affected places.
Last night's attacks have sent
fearful tremors across the globe.
emergency services are working
around the clock to rescue citizens.
Reports suggest upwards of 2,500 objects.
The government has responded
by declaring a state of emergency.
Schools have been closed, and all civilian
aircraft are grounded until further notice.
COMMAND POST UNITED KINGDOM
We're getting reports of rioting in London,
Manchester and Birmingham.
There's severe congestion
on all routes out of major cities.
It's only going to get worse.
Oh, we need
to get the message out.
People should stay in their own homes.
It's the safest place for them to be.
I'll get on it.
But your family are here.
It's just a precaution.
Until things calm down.
Keep me updated.
Hello, sister.
I hope you're unharmed.
I know you don't want to talk...
just send a message
that all is well.
Please.
Alpha Team, come in.
Radioactivity levels are normal.
Testing negative for chemical
and biological agents.
We're detecting a strong
electromagnetic field.
Alpha Team!
We've lost visual.
It is some kind of metallic object.
Alpha Team! Can you identify?
Alpha Team! Come in.
I say, it's partially...
It's buried in the ground.
A spherical, non-porous,
metallic object.
Are you getting this?
Alpha Team, come in!
I repeat-radioactivity levels normal.
Negative chemical
and biological agents.
Strong electromagnetic field.
Object...
Metallic, spherical, non-porous.
Partially buried.
Pick up, damn it.
Sophia.
Why do you keep calling me?
We don't get along
well with each other but...
please come to the observatory.
- Why?
- It's safer.
- Are those things dangerous then?
- I do not know.
Please come here.
Trust me now.
What is going on?
Do you still have
petrol in your tank?
Yes. What's going on.
Leave everything
behind and come here.
Why? You are scaring me.
- Sophia, I beg you.
- Okay.
People are getting
out of London,
so maybe I should go to my Dad's
until we know what's happening.
Yeah, you should. You should go.
The Channel Tunnel
is still open.
So I'm gonna see
if I can get a train.
And I'm going to meet you at
Dad's as soon as I can, okay?
Sarah?
- Just be careful.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bill?
- Uh, hi Helen.
I just wanted to check
and see if you're okay.
These things last night -
God, it's insane.
Bill, one of the Neighbors said you were
hanging around the apartment last night.
Jeez, I was just passing by.
Was it this crazy old
bitch with the shitty dog?
She never liked me.
You know it's her dog
that craps in the hallway.
It is not appropriate for
you to just show up here.
What is it you want?
What do you think's
going to happen with us?
I don't know?
I'm sorry.
Him again?
- I'm gonna talk to him.
- He's just worried.
It's not his job to worry about you.
The most significant
discovery so far
was from
astrophysicists in Brazil.
They were the first to observe
concentrated electromagnetic activity
in local sources.
Several sources have now confirmed...
There are already four unknown substances
that have been found.
What causes
the electromagnetic field?
We only know the frequency and
vibration width are constantly increasing.
We also send space probes to
other planets. It is possible...
that they are here to do research.
Why would they send so many?
And why only inhabited areas?
Since the first signal.
It took exactly one day.
Yeah, so?
They must have made a scan.
Have they mapped the Earth?
Do we have to destroy them?
- They could be weapons.
- Check the pictures of Wyoming.
Look. An F-16 has bombed one.
It sustained not even one scratch.
My parents absolutely
want me to be with them.
So, I'll stay if you want me to,
of course, but...
You should go.
Okay. Bye.
Expert analysis indicates the probes
are emitting an electromagnetic field.
Though little is
understood of its purpose.
Scientists around the
World are caught up
in a fervent debate
as to the implications,
but no conclusive answers
have been found thus far.
There is still widespread speculation
as to the cause of the dropout in power...
Hey Tony, it's Bill.
Listen Tony, I need the results of your
subretinal stimulation study.
That should be on the shared drive.
On the shared hard drive?
Okay thanks, I'll talk to you later.
- Dan, you gotta talk to the minister.
- Dad. Dad, slow down.
No, you gotta listen to me Dan.
The electromagnetic fields
these probes are emitting
I think it's designed to interfere
with our neural functioning.
They're identical to the pulses we
use to stimulate neurons in the brain.
It's the exact same frequency
and amplitude everything.
It's almost like they
understand our neurology.
- How is that even possible?
- I don't know.
But as the pulse gets stronger it's going
to cause more and more neurons to fire
it'll cause seizures and our
bodies will shut down completely.
- Are you sure?
- As sure as I can be.
People need to get somewhere completely
encased in metal, or deep underground.
Dan, you have to get the government
to issue a warning.
Okay, I'll speak to the minister.
He's says that we'll start to fit, and
that our bodies will completely shut down.
Yes, our scientists
are saying the same thing.
They've been running
tests at Wortendale.
What? You knew?
Then, we need to issue an alert.
We can't issue a
warning until we're sure.
We can't risk mass panic.
What if it's too late.
Dan, the decision's been made.
Okay? We wait.
Taxi.
To the station please.
No, no mister.
I'm not in service.
Please, come on,
I really have to get to the...
Get out of my taxi.
Look,
just take this please. Just go.
Okay, thank you.
They're turning people around.
- Then what do we do?
- Maybe we should just go home.
I thought you said
it wasn't safe there.
I'm not sure we've
got much choice.
Things might calm down later.
We can try again.
Text dad. Let him
know we're going home.
What is that?
Can you feel something?
That's the sound.
I heard it last night.
- Can't you hear it?
- No.
It's so weird.
Excuse me. Excuse me sir.
is there another route we can take, or?
Okay, this is all I got.
Just get me there.
- What the fuck is that?
- What is it?
What is that?
The electromagnetic fields
affect the atmosphere.
Colonel, the British government
warns of an attack.
They're saying there's
going to be an attack.
- Who?
- It's the government's Twitter feed.
They're telling people to find
shelter. To get underground.
- What should we do?
- I don't know.
- Mum...
Why are they shooting at people?
I'm sure they're just firing into the air.
They're warning shots.
Your voice changes when you lie.
Hello with me. Where are you?
I'm stuck in traffic
on the mountain pass.
Listen. We're being attacked.
You must seek cover.
- Attacked?
- Just search for underground coverage.
- Hurry up.
- I can't go anywhere.
- Bill, what are you doing here?
- I've got to find Helen.
No, she doesn't want to see you.
You know that.
You don't understand.
There's an attack.
You've gotta calm down.
It's happening.
We don't have time.
Mum. What should we do?
- Mum.
- Do something!
Slow down.
What was that?
Why are you going so quickly?
Get out, get out!
Get into the station!
Helen, open up!
- What are you doing here?
- You've gotta come with me right now.
Come with me right
now or you're gonna die.
- Come with you where?
- To the elevator.
It'll protect us against
the electromagnetic field.
- Have you seen Chris?
- No I haven't.
Get in the elevator now.
- We have to find Chris first.
- We don't have time.
What are you doing?
Bill! Don't! Stop it! Chris!
- You've gotta come with me.
- Chris! Chris!
Chris! Chris!
- Sorry to ruin everything.
- That is not true.
- Yes. And you always help me.
- Make sure you go underground.
- I have said so much to you.
- Go underground. Right now.
I would not know where to go.
Colonel.
We have lost contact with
our planes. They've crashed.
- Something is happening.
- Hello?
Sophia? Sophia?
Hello?
Colonel.
What is happening?
We lost the network.
Restore the connection..
How long till we get there?
We have to find a way
to get out of the bay area.
Watch out.
Keep all doors closed.
- Is it over?
- That is yet to be seen.
People, flash lights out.
Let's save the batteries.